So now we will deploy our site, first of all you have to come to your chrome and here
you have to write app.netlify.com signup, so this is basically a site, its name is netlify,
here you can deploy any of your react application for free, so you signup with github here,
if you have a github account.
If you don't you can quickly go to github.com it's a very easy process, then you have to
go down here and drag and drop the options on the app, we will upload our files from
here.
Now how to do that, we will come to the github vs code, and as we come to the vs code, you
have to create a file by redirecting it to the public folder of your project.
And here we will come to the public folder and here you have to create a file by redirecting
it.
You will create a redirect file, no extension, no .txt, no any name, you will make it with underscore redirects.
In that you will write this thing, a simple line.
This is necessary to define your path and routes in your Netlify when you host the project basically.
Right? So you can understand by name only.
So you just write this thing here, whatever it is, you have to write it as it is.
After that what you have to do is open your command prompt.
If your development server is running, then you can close it.
And here you have to write a command, npm run build.
Npm run build command.
This is the command.
As soon as you enter it, then basically a build folder will be created.
Which you can upload there in Netlify.
So that your site will be deployed.
So this folder will take a few seconds to build.
As soon as the process is completed, you will get a folder by doing a dist.
You will host this dist folder.
You will upload it basically in Netlify.
So you will go back to your Netlify.
So we will go to our Netlify.
And here there is an option to upload browse.
In that you will go.
And here you have to select the dist in your portfolio builder folder and click on upload.
And then you have to click on upload from here.
As soon as you click on upload, the file will be uploaded in a few seconds and your site will be deployed.
Your site has been deployed in just a single click.
As soon as you click on open production deploy, your site will be opened.
But it has got some URL of this type.
So let's do one thing, let's change its domain quickly.
So what we do for this, we go to site configuration.
There will be an option on your left.
After going to site configuration, you have to click on change site name.
And here you have to give a custom name to any custom site.
I have given portfolio builder standard out.
You can give any name.
You have to save this.
As soon as you save, your site has been deployed.
But the process is not complete yet.
As soon as you go to this link, your site has been deployed.
But as soon as you do continuous techie or continuous google for the first time, this will not work.
Because we have to add course origin to our google cloud console and sanity.
So now we will go to google cloud console.
Slash APIs.
Here you have to go to the OAuth token.
You have to click on edit.
As soon as you click on edit, this will open.
URIs, origin, etc.
So first of all, you will do add URI and you will add the name of the app in the way I have added.
In the same way, you have to do the same thing below.
As soon as you add, our google authentication has been set up.
After this, we have to go to sanity.
In sanity.io slash manage.
We have to select the project.
We have to go to the API.
After going to the API, we have to add the course origin here.
And while adding, you have to remember to click on the allow credentials button.
Okay.
And all of this is done for us.
Now finally, this work will be done.
And your site has been finally uploaded and deployed.
You can share it with anyone from here.
To any of your friends.
Or you can list it in any of your resumes.
Because now you have a deployed URL.
Okay.
Now after this.
Now what can we do extra in this?
This is what you have to see.
So now what we have done here basically till now.
That we had taken a portfolio form.
Isn't it?
And we were using the same portfolio form to fill the details.
And according to the user who was entering the details, the portfolio website was being created.
But now I would like you to give the option of templates in this.
As soon as the user logs in, there will be a lot of templates.
User select a template from those templates.
Enter your data, save it.
And its site will be ready according to that same template.
This is not at all difficult.
If you try, it will definitely happen.
And here, the user will get a lot of variety options.
And by doing a lot of things in this, it is possible that you can make it better tomorrow.
And a very good project will be made.
So for now, our portfolio builder project is finally over.